Ah ah ah ah
me too
Hello
This Under Armor performer employees tape is to fresh
At first we open both legs in shoulder width
In that state, bend the knee to 90 degrees and press the ground with the heel
I will raise my waist and at this time my palm is consciously turned upwards
At this time attitude cutter
Firmly cage becomes a straight line is hip knee
At that time
People
The sea is relaxing and consciousness of Mr. keep about 60 seconds so that the power does not turn on firmly the same
Firm your butt
At this time, I would say that I would say that the waist would not warp or fall too much at this time by putting the navel inside
Keep
Now with this done , as the next step one foot
5 feet had been raised
At first we learn to do for 5 seconds in reverse in 5 seconds 12345 of right foot
In here to take care is that the pelvis and the ground is firm parallel
I will do this consciously and this time my navel comes out inside
I will tell you
I 'm going with that awareness
This was alternately angry about 60 seconds Tei
This will strengthen the stability behind the large executive
I will think that good music only house called Under Armor Performance is good more
Ah ah ah ah
This time's pro point is dns woman and fit protein
For women athletes is protein
Based on the web stalls vitamin c which helps iron and iron absorption that women tend to run short
I mix it
It is a perfect condition for women athletes who are thoroughly stuck to the taste
Shu